TOP-Shopping-Cart/README.md, before:

TODO:


- `Fix Remove Item Chain of events`
- `Check ID's remain unique after altering DOM`
- `Fix setCartContents(tempArray) not updating DOM until something else triggers the update`
- `Add Simple CSS positioning`
- `Add Shopping Cart Header always present`, click to expand

- `Add Shopping Cart "Total Price" Section`
- `Update input to clear on submit`
- `Fix adding further amount of the same item not updating until something else triggers an update`
- `Reduce total to 2 decimal places`
- `Add Home Page - show catalogue of a few images, make array of all product images/names from JSON file, pick 3 at random from that array to display on the front page - INSTEAD, latest 4 Entries in JSON to show newest additions`
- fix CSS of shopping cart items
- `Add Shopping Cart 'Go To Checkout' Section`
- `fix shop link when in shop moving to /shop/shop, an invalid link`
- `Add Checkout Page`
- CSS for Checkout Page
- `Create Shopping Cart version for Checkout Page`
- `Fix navbar shadow being skewed on x axis`
- `Confirm Remove`
- Fix page width overspilling
- `Add More Products`
- Make Home Page Products link to shop
- `Perhaps Categorise Products, add 'type' prop to each JSON entry and create sorting algorithm to output in sections`
- Expand Footer Content
- `Organise shop product display into categories`
- Fix cart item images not being consistent size
- Add  more Products
- `Add + and - buttons to shopping cart item quantity to add or remove`
- Make side menus link to shop page at specific section
- Fix adjust quantity buttoms for checkout shopping cart
- `Fix cart item CSS for checkout page`

Commit message:

WOrking on home page > shop links

TOP-Shopping-Cart/README.md, after:

TODO:


- `Fix Remove Item Chain of events`
- `Check ID's remain unique after altering DOM`
- `Fix setCartContents(tempArray) not updating DOM until something else triggers the update`
- `Add Simple CSS positioning`
- `Add Shopping Cart Header always present`, click to expand

- `Add Shopping Cart "Total Price" Section`
- `Update input to clear on submit`
- `Fix adding further amount of the same item not updating until something else triggers an update`
- `Reduce total to 2 decimal places`
- `Add Home Page - show catalogue of a few images, make array of all product images/names from JSON file, pick 3 at random from that array to display on the front page - INSTEAD, latest 4 Entries in JSON to show newest additions`
- fix CSS of shopping cart items
- `Add Shopping Cart 'Go To Checkout' Section`
- `fix shop link when in shop moving to /shop/shop, an invalid link`
- `Add Checkout Page`
- CSS for Checkout Page
- `Create Shopping Cart version for Checkout Page`
- `Fix navbar shadow being skewed on x axis`
- `Confirm Remove`
- Fix page width overspilling
- `Add More Products`
- Make Home Page Products link to shop
- `Perhaps Categorise Products, add 'type' prop to each JSON entry and create sorting algorithm to output in sections`
- Expand Footer Content
- `Organise shop product display into categories`
- Fix cart item images not being consistent size
- `Add  more Products`
- `Add + and - buttons to shopping cart item quantity to add or remove`
- Make side menus link to shop page at specific section
- Fix adjust quantity buttoms for checkout shopping cart
- `Fix cart item CSS for checkout page`
- `Bring Go to Top to bottom`
- `Rework shop page to only display the products selected in the menu, rather than filling the page with everything in groups (Think Amazon, reload product component)`
- fix position moving offset
- Hide Go To Top if at top
- Set Homepage Products in sections to link to shop page with that product group loaded in display
